Metadata converter to HuBMAP standardized CODEX metadata 

Requires
1. `experiment.json` and `segmentation.json` generated by Akoya CODEX processor.
2. Additional metadata `missing1.xlsx` and `missing2.xlsx`.
3. Access to the image directories with images in format. 
Directory name format`cyc001_reg001`, image name format `1_00001_Z001_CH1.tif`.


The converter is packed into an executable file inside the compiled directory.


For EACH dataset:
1. Create `missing1.xlsx` and `missing2.xlsx`.
2. Put these files to the same directories where `experiment.json` located.
3. Find `input.xlsx` in the converter directory.
4. Add the path to the directory with `experiment.json` to `InputDir` column in the `input.xlsx`
5. Add path where to put converted metadata file `dataset.json` to the column `OutputDir`.

After all the steps are done, to run the conversion double-click on file `run.bat` or `run.sh` 
(or it may be called just `run` if your computer doesn't display file extensions).

If you see any errors that you cannot fix, please contact someone from HuBMAP. 
When submitting a report about error please include copy of the information from the terminal window, and `log.log` 
file that will be created in the same directory where `run` file is.


The `converter.exe` is made using `pyinstaller` 
inside the conda environment described in `environment.yml`, using this command:

`pyinstaller -F /path/to/codex-metadata-converters/converter/converter.py --paths /path/to/codex-metadata-converters/coverter/` 

`--paths` is necessary for the import of local modules